TELCODOCS#1842: Minimum provisioning size for PVCs (#75016)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-provisioning-storage-using-logical-volume-manager-operator.adoc

After you have created the LVM volume groups using the `LVMCluster` custom resource (CR), you can provision the storage by creating persistent volume claims (PVCs).

> The minimum storage size that you can request for each file system type is as follows:

Reviewer: Just a wording suggestion. I was kind of looking at these guidelines https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-lists#lead-in-wording

```suggestion
The following are the minimum storage sizes you can request for each file system type:
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

> * `Filesystem`: 300 MiB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `xfs`: 300 MiB
```

Reviewer 3: looking at this again, i suggest moving block above, and lower-casing it.

Author: Updated as per the suggestions.

  resources:
    requests:
      storage: 10Gi <3>
    limits:
      storage: 20Gi <4>
  storageClassName: lvms-vg1 <5>
----
<1> Specify a name for the PVC.
<2> To create a block PVC, set this field to `Block`. To create a file PVC, set this field to `Filesystem`.

> <3> Specify the storage size. If the value of this field is less than the minimum storage size, the requested storage size is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Specify the storage size. If the value is less than the set minimum storage size, the requested storage size is
```
I'd recommend removing "of this field" because it is already implied with the number callout

Author: Removed "of this field". 
In this case, the minimum storage size is not something that the users can set. It is there by default. It's just that users have to keep the min storage size values in mind while configuring this field.

> <3> Specify the storage size. By default, this field is set to 1 GiB. If the value of this field is less than the minimum storage size, the requested storage size is

Reviewer 2: Storage size field in PVC can not be empty, so I think there is no default value of '1GiB' is set for this field.

Author: Hi @radeore 
Sure, updated as per the suggestion.

Author: @jakobmoellerdev 
Could you PTAL at the above suggestion?
Thanks!

Reviewer 3: I think this is (partially) correct. It is true that this field is not set to 1GiB but not specifying a request will cause the Driver to allocate 1 GiB by default. Thats why imo, we should slightly change the wording but keep a comment

Author: @jakobmoellerdev 
Is it possible to not specify this field (meaning excluding this from the configuration)? Because @radeore mentions that this field cannot be empty!

If "requests.storage" is a Mandatory field, then does that not imply that it can neither be empty nor be excluded from the configuration?

Not sure if I am missing something here!

Reviewer 3: Thanks for the correction. I double checked this and it seems that K8s is enforcing a limit here even though the underlying CSI driver has a defaulting logic. Thus it is safe to assume the mandatory field as you suggested @radeore

Author: @radeore @jakobmoellerdev 
Thanks for the confirmation!

> rounded to the minimum storage size. The total storage size that you can provision is limited by the size of the Logical Volume Manager (LVM) thin pool and the overprovisioning factor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rounded to the minimum storage size. The total storage size you can provision is limited by the size of the Logical Volume Manager (LVM) thin pool and the overprovisioning factor.
```
Should overprovisioning be two words or hyphenated?

Author: It should be hyphenated - `over-provisioning`

> <4> Optional: Specify the storage limit. You must set this field to a value that is greater than or equal to the minimum storage size. Otherwise, PVC creation fails with an error. 

Author: It can be left blank. However, if it is to be configured, it must be set to value greater than or equal to the min storage size.

> <4> Optional: Specify the storage limit. You must set this field to a value that is greater than or equal to the minimum storage size. Otherwise, PVC creation fails with an error. 

Reviewer: Yeah I think "Set this field" would be good. It was the "you must" that was messing me up.

> <5> The value of the `storageClassName` field must be in the format `lvms-<device_class_name>`, where, `<device_class_name>` is the value of the `deviceClasses.name` field in the `LVMCluster` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> The value of the `storageClassName` field must be in the format `lvms-<device_class_name>` where `<device_class_name>` is the value of the `deviceClasses.name` field in the `LVMCluster` CR.
```
I don't think you need those commas there.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.
